hello guys this is tail daddy's here and
today I'm gonna show you how to install
minecraft maps onto your minecraft game
now word of warning if the Minecraft map
you're trying to install has bad blocks
or mod items
I believe the you won't be able to play
in that map because you do not have that
specific mod installed basically it
works like that you it just won't work
because it might modify the environment
or whatever but it just won't work okay
so I'm over here and I'm just gonna
quickly download a random map okay this
one seems interesting all right let me
find it don't okay all right well
anyways while that happens you want to
go to your minecraft folder so you're
gonna go to % app data % gonna go to
your roaming and you're gonna go to your
dot minecraft now just wait a second
while it downloads this is gonna be
quick don't worry 17 megabytes this is
interesting
alright anyways okay see they told you
it was gonna die no fast all right we're
gonna have in your dot minecraft folder
it doesn't matter whatever type of
different types of folders whatever your
saves folder is what's gonna be
important now you're not gonna see that
so now that I have this I sent of the
skies excuse me that's another map then
that will not appear but in your saves
file in your safe file you're gonna
transfer the map and you're gonna put it
into the save file see that simple I'm
gonna put the map into your save file
also another word of warning if your map
has specific instructions of how to
install it follow them exactly in my
there will
this my this method will not always work
if there is always follow their
instructions it first before you follow
mine also another word of warning
sometimes they might come in and they go
come like a they come in a file but
within the file is the map and if you do
not put the actual map inside it won't
work for example like this one over here
you see how it's in a file now this is
the actual map because it has the region
level level that exact etc this is the
actual map and it has a readme you see
it says move Airport folder into safe
folder texture panic included but not
needed this is texture pack don't worry
about this this is the actual map you
see follow their instructions first
because if you just put this directly
into here it will not work now let's
show you how this thing works all right
all right don't worry I had a mod
installed already doesn't matter doesn't
matter all right you see I sent this
Iceland the disguise must be comforted I
don't know but anyways you saw the map
right there and then hopefully this will
work out with you I don't know if this
needs a mod easy not me to mind because
I'm downloading what
oops
alright it probably most likely has a
mod yeah most likely has a body or it's
just a very big one all right here all
right this is the wonderful max
instilling so this is the map that you
just saw there in the screen hope you
enjoyed the video remember
arriving life and also remember again
please pay attention to my warnings and
don't just don't anything didn't cover B
feel free to debate the comment sections
any morning forgotten anyways have a
great day